well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
unfinished dreams to see today April 4
1968 and Memphis we lost Martin Luther
King even with everything going on of
world right now everything that's going
to be in the news I would imagine the
media bringing him up today they almost
always do and they memorialize him they
recount the stories tell you what he did
and how we lost a great civil rights
leader and all that's true no doubt but
that's not what I want to talk about I
want to talk about what he didn't do
because in 1968 he was working on
something else he was working on
something else and it's something that
would unite people across racial lines
religious lines gender lines everything
it was for everybody it was a project
that would change the very moral fabric
of the country it was called the Poor
People's Campaign
and its goals very lofty you'll
recognize a lot of them housing a living
wage health care now all the stuff we're
still fighting for today I can't help
but wonder what would happen if we
hadn't lost it in 1968 because when
people talk about it today it's real
easy for the naysayers to say how you'll
never get that done see it would have
been different for him cuz he had
already accomplished a lot of stuff that
was impossible everything is impossible
until it isn't and I can't help but
think that he was smart beyond the way
that we always think about it not just
passionate not just a great speaker he
was smart
see
Vietnam was causing a lot of social
upheaval and he knew that there was
probably a good chance that
infrastructure would have to change
after that the things would change
people will be ready for a change and
out of the ashes of that old system you
might be able to change the very moral
fabric of the country we're there now
we're in that same situation it took a
long time for it to cycle back around
with everything lining up it's become
very clear that the government is not
really that interested in us and we're
probably going to have to show a whole
lot of solidarity through this to each
other
to our neighbors to our communities not
a left-right thing it's an up-down thing
we will have a lot of power coming out
of this we collectively the people at
the bottom because what they're
concerned about what they were really
concerned about this entire time well
the economy doesn't get back on track
unless we say it does
it might be time to push hard and
fulfill that dream of creating a society
that is just for everybody a society
that works for everybody a society that
has housing health care food a living
wage basic things a society that is
promoting the general welfare and yeah
you will get those naysayers when you
talk about it it's it's guarantee that
it's gonna happen and they will tell you
it's a dream it's utopia but you'll
never get it because the system's
against you yeah it is and that's the
point
if we are supposed to be a government of
the people by the people for the people
why doesn't it ever represent the people
why are the people at the bottom always
the afterthought the average citizen of
this country
why are they never actually taken into
consideration when decisions are made
this current situation it has weakened
faith in the system that exists it's
going to cause a lot of social upheaval
and out of that old system out of those
ashes a new one
can't arise anyway that's just a thought
y'all have a good day